Surface Laptop is a Copilot+ PC.

Surface Laptop


86%
Faster performance
Surface Laptop is lightning fast, powered by Snapdragon® X Elite and Plus processors.20
20
All-day battery life
On the road or in the studio, Surface Laptop provides up to 20 hours of video playback.2

Industry-leading AI
Supercharge your productivity and creativity with 45 trillion operations per second.

Larger display, smaller device
Ultra-thin chassis, optimized screen space, and less bezel on a 13.8” or 15” HDR touchscreen.4
Not just faster. Smarter. The AI-accelerated Surface Laptop 7th Edition, a Copilot+ PC, puts next-generation performance and Copilot+ experiences at your fingertips so you can work, play, and create without limits.
Why follow when you can set the pace?
Included in Surface Laptop, Copilot in Windows is an AI-powered companion that helps you work smarter, get more productive, and stay connected to the people and things in your life.

Learn about Copilot in Windows
Smartest in its class
Get relevant answers, ideas, and inspiration from AI-powered Surface Laptop with Copilot in Windows.
Get more done faster
Speed through your day with mind-boggling levels of AI compute at 45 trillion operations per second.

Get it done, fast
Meet your new favorite Copilot+ PC experiences to boost your productivity and unleash new creativity.3



Recall icon.
Recall


Camera icon
Windows Studio Effects


Live Captions icon
Live Captions


Adobe Lightroom icon
Adobe Lightroom


Retrace your steps with Recall
Coming soon: Searching for a document, email or web page on your PC can be time-consuming. Use the explorable timeline of your PC's history to retrieve the moment you saw it. Prerelease product shown, subject to change.12
Poster image of Surface Laptop feature video showcasing two display sizes, thin bezels and screen.
A sight to behold, the HDR display of Surface Laptop delivers richer blacks, crisper whites, and vibrant colors. So brilliant, you might just get lost in it.4

Redefined elegance in a touchscreen
Beauty and functionality meet faster, more natural interactions with the brilliant PixelSense™ Flow touchscreen.
Gorgeous at every angle
This is power, this is portability.


Ultra-thin, ultra-light
Larger display, less to carry, Surface Laptop starts at just 2.96 lbs (1.34 kg).

Dazzling touchscreen HDR display
Adaptive contrast for the most brilliant, fuller spectrum of colors in any light.

Ultimate typing comfort
Every keystroke perfected with optimal key travel for a natural, accurate typing experience.

Inclusive touchpad with haptics
The most inclusive touchpad on the market, with options to customize to your needs.
AI-powered
Surface Studio Camera
 Surface Laptop 7th Edition Surface Studio Camera feature - default motion with Copilot
Studio Camera icon
Show up as your best self
With its AI-enhanced, full HD Surface Studio Camera, Surface Laptop seamlessly pairs with Windows Studio Effects that’ll level up your video calls. Prerelease product shown, subject to change.

Creative filters
Off  On
Portrait blur
Off  On
Automatic framing
Off  On
Security at home or on the go


Access your Surface with quick and accurate facial recognition.

Windows Hello
Securely log in to your Surface Laptop with nothing but a glance.
Designed with sustainability in mind
With more recycled materials, thoughtful packaging, and increased built-in efficiency, we design Surface products with the circular economy in mind. Surface Laptop is another step toward Microsoft’s goal to be carbon negative, water positive, and achieve zero waste by 2030.

Learn about Surface sustainability
More recycled materials
The enclosure is made with a minimum of 67.2% recycled content, including 100% recycled aluminum alloy.18
More energy efficient
Surface Laptop delivers higher performance while using less energy than Surface Laptop 5.8

Find the Surface for you
Compare Surface Laptop features and specs and find what’s best for you.
Compare and choose
Devices compare:
Surface Laptop 13.8”	Surface Laptop 15”
Feature render of Surface Laptop 13.8” Sapphire from an angled front view.	Feature render of Surface Laptop 15” Black from an angled front view.

Surface Laptop 13.8”

Surface Laptop 15”
Sapphire




Black


Starting at
$999.99
Starting at
$999.99
Start building yours	Start building yours

Add another device
Why buy from Microsoft?

Learn about these benefits 

60-day price match

Get it now, pay later

Microsoft Complete

Free 60-day returns