Surface Studio 2+
Standout design, fluid productivity
Dive into creativity and productivity at any angle with the most versatile 28" PixelSense™ touchscreen all-in-one.


Front view of Surface Studio 2+ with accessories.
Open gallery
Surface Studio 2+
This device is preloaded with Windows 11. Learn more

Elevate your creativity with the most versatile all-in-one that gives you a large canvas to express yourself at any angle, and the most immersive ...

More
60-day price protection

Enjoy price protection for 60 days from your delivery date. If we drop the price of a physical product or you find it lower at an eligible retailer, contact us and we'll honor a one-time price adjustment. Exclusions apply.
Learn more

Surface Studio 2+ is currently not available.

Flexible payments available with PayPal and Citizens Pay®. 
Learn more

Out of stock

Build your device
Free 2-3 day shipping. Free 60-day returns.


Buying for your Business?
Go to Surface Studio 2+ for Business

Surface Studio 2+
 Build your device
Overview
Full tech specs
Accessories
Let your ideas flow
Unlock creativity and productivity on a versatile all-in-one with a striking 28” PixelSense™ touchscreen display.

Make calls, edit photos, and tackle your passion projects with 11th Gen Intel® Core™ H-35 Processor.

Get life-like graphics
Create, game, or watch with graphics that rival reality powered by NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060 Laptop GPU.

Look and sound your best with a 1080p HD video camera and dual Studio Mics.

Keep it clean with built-in essential ports including USB-C® with Thunderbolt™ 4.

A person is standing in front of their Surface Studio 2+ drawing on screen with Surface Pen to create a design.
Sitting at his desk, a man touches the screen of Surface Studio 2+ making a business presentation with the screen titled back to studio mode.
A person uses two hands to complete tasks while touching a Surface Studio 2+ in the office. 
A person smile and waves at the screen of Surface Studio 2+.
A man seated in front of his Surface Studio 2+ in front of a window showing a few of the city.

Do it all at the perfect angle
Transform, touch, and take it all in
Transition seamlessly from one task to another
Surface Studio 2+ pushed flat against a surface
Surface Studio 2+ pushed flat against a surface
Slide to rotate and see Surface Studio 2+ at every angle.

19

Get it done your own way
Transform your experience with accessories that make it easy to create your ultimate work and play space.

Shop all Surface accessories
Microsoft Presenter+ shown from above showing all available action buttons.

Pieces of the Microsoft Adaptive Kit are shown including cord markers, key markers and lid opener.

Surface Dial is shown from the side.

Surface Headphones seen from the side.

Work and play
A person is seen using Surface pen to write on the surface of Surface Studio 2+.
We’ve got your back with Windows 11 Security
Protect what’s yours
Every layer, from chip to cloud, is securely maintained by Microsoft.
Keep it private
From secured cloud files to password-free Windows Hello sign in.
Create a setup unique to you
Pieces of the Microsoft Adaptive Kit are shown including cord markers, key markers and lid opener.
Adapt
An occupational therapist works with his client to use Microsoft adaptive accessories to use a Surface Pro 9 device
Highly adaptable and accessible by design—explore the new Microsoft Adaptive accessories — the easy-to-use system that lets you 3D print12, and customize your own mouse, keyboard inputs, and shortcuts.  
Shop now Our accessibility approach
A Surface device mingles with a trail of recycled aluminum pieces.
Designed with sustainability in mind
In 2020, we announced that Microsoft will be a carbon negative, water positive, zero waste company that protects ecosystems—all by 2030. At Surface, we design products with the circular economy in mind, making sustainability a core part of our Surface product promise.5

Learn about sustainability at Surface

Protect your Surface

Surface for your business

Surface Accessories

Surface Support

Register your Surface

Get the Surface Newsletter

Power cord recall
Why buy from Microsoft Store


Love it, or return it
60-day free returns on physical products when you shop with Microsoft.
Learn about 60-day free returns

Find a better price?
If we drop the price of a physical product or you find it lower at an eligible retailer within 60 days, we'll give you a one-time price match.
Learn about 60-day price protection

Complete coverage, without compromise
Get coverage on accidental damage for up to four years. Shop smarter with Microsoft Complete and get technical support as well.
Learn about Microsoft Complete

Cash out when you trade in
When you trade in an eligible device, you get cash back and your device is recycled.

 

Learn about trade-ins
Learn about all the benefits of shopping at Microsoft Store​
Discounts: Supplies limited. Actual savings depends on product availability.
Flexible payments: With approval of Citizens Pay Line of Credit at 0% APR and 12- or 18-month term. Subject to individual credit approval. See the Citizens Pay Line of Credit Agreement for full terms and conditions. Citizens Pay Line of Credit Account offered by Citizens Bank, N.A.​
Price protection: Microsoft Store Price Adjustment: Valid on purchases of qualifying new or refurbished consumer and commercial physical products made at Microsoft Store and Microsoft Experience Centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. Eligible Retailer Price Adjustment: Valid on purchases of qualifying new consumer physical products from Microsoft Store and Microsoft Experience Centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. Excludes commercial and refurbished products. An Eligible Retailer Price Adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. Microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. The product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by Microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. Exclusions apply. Both price adjustments: Price Adjustment must be requested within 60 days after the customer receives the product and cannot be completed at time of purchase. Customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at Microsoft Store or a Microsoft Experience Center. Customer must contact Microsoft to request the adjustment. For purchases from Microsoft Store, contact Microsoft Store Sales and Support with your Microsoft Account information and any other information requested by a representative. For purchases from a Microsoft Experience Center, you must return to the location with your receipt. Limit 1 price adjustment total per product. Excludes Surface Hub, HoloLens, and Windows DevKit. See Microsoft Store Price Protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers
​Returns: Available with eligible physical products purchased from Microsoft Store online and Microsoft Experience Centers in select markets. Return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. Limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. Excludes Surface Hub, HoloLens, and Windows DevKit. Applicable return policy applies. For purchases made at Microsoft Store, see applicable Microsoft Terms of Sale for more information. For purchases made at a Microsoft Experience Center, see receipt for more information. Microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.​
Trade-In: Available only through the Microsoft Store online in the United States. Offer valid for reimbursements after trade in of a qualifying device (PC, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or video game console). To be eligible for trade in, (i) you must own the qualifying device, (ii) the device must power on, (ii) the battery must hold a charge (the device must not be required to be plugged in to operate), and (iv) the device must be in fully-functional, working condition and not have broken or missing components, a cracked display or screen, liquid damage, modification(s) or the device warranty seal broken. The device cannot be password protected and must include its original chargers, accessories, and hard drive. Customer must mail in the qualifying trade-in device to be eligible for reimbursement. Devices determined to not meet eligibility criteria may be shipped back to the customer or recycled. Recycled devices are not eligible for cash back. All trade-ins are final. Cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards, or credit towards other devices or products. May not be combined with other offers. Microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.

This offer is operated by Teladvance, LLC and is not sponsored by Microsoft. Any appraised value will be determined at trade in and provided by Teladvance. All trade-ins and reimbursements are subject to Teladvance’s sole discretion and approval.

Some accessories and software sold separately.
[2] Subscription required.
[3] One (1) Surface Pen, one (1) Surface Keyboard, and one (1) Surface Mouse included in-box with select models.
[5] 2021 Environmental Sustainability Report - Microsoft CSR
[6] Subscription required. Sold separately. Xbox Cloud Gaming (beta) requires Xbox Game Pass subscription: streaming limitations and wait times may apply. Select devices and regions. Game catalog varies over time.
[7] Requires Dolby Vision® encoded content and video.
[8] Requires Dolby Atmos® encoded content and audio.
[9] Testing conducted by Microsoft on August 2020 using Surface Headphones 2 with firmware update 1.0.5.74 paired with Surface Laptop 3 and Surface Pro 7. Playlist consisted of 44 songs transmitted using SBC encoding. Volume was set to 46% with maximum noise cancelation. Bluetooth A2DP profile was used. Testing consisted of full Surface Headphones 2 battery discharge while playing audio until the Surface Headphones 2 disconnected from the host device. Battery life depends on device settings, environment, usage, and many other factors.
[10] Terms and exclusions apply. Game catalog varies over time, by region, and by device. Requires Windows 10/11 (with updates); exclude S mode and ARM devices. See Xbox Game Pass and Electronics Arts Play Terms and Electronics Arts Play for details..
[12] 3D-printable designs from Microsoft do not include or require a permanent change to or opening an accessory; such actions will void the accessory's warranty. Microsoft does not guarantee that these 3D-printable designs will work for everyone. Use these 3D-printable designs at your own risk. Microsoft is not responsible for any damage resulting from the use of these 3D-printable designs. 
