ASUS Zenbook DUO
Let’s DUO it
ASUS Zenbook DUO is a revolutionary dual-screen laptop, with two full-size OLED touchscreens1, detachable full-size keyboard and built-in kickstand, — expertly combining multitasking versatility with superb mobility. With dual 14-inch 3K OLED 120 Hz displays, you can instantly expand your workspace to up to 19.8 inches. Outstanding performance is assured with up to an AI-powered Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 processor (Series 2) and 32 GB LPDDR5x memory, plus up to a 2 TB PCIe® 4.0 SSD. Paired with dedicated smart software, intuitive gesture control and an enhanced-lifespan 75 Wh battery, the easy-to-use Zenbook DUO maximizes productivity, with zero fuss. Come on — Let’s DUO it.
ASUS number 1 OLED laptop brand iconCES Innovation Awards 2024 logoWindows Central Best of CES 2024 logoPC Mag Best of CES 2024 logoPC PRO Best of CES 2024 logoT3 Best of CES 2024 logoTechRadar Best of CES 2024 logoTom’s guide Best of CES 2024 logoTom’s hardware Best In Show 2024 logo 
ASUS No.1 OLED: GFK and NPD combined retail data in 2021 Q4~2023 Q3, worldwide market.

ASUS Zenbook Duo is opened and viewed from the front. The wallpaper is an abstract colorful liquid design across both screens.
Portable DUO! Dual 14” full-size 3K OLED touchscreens


Windows 11 Home

Versatile modes

Laptop Mode

Dual Screen Mode

Dual Screen Mode

Desktop Mode

Sharing Mode


ASUS Zenbook Duo viewed from the top with the virtual keyboard and a gesture motion graphic on the lower screen.
Intuitive design – just like your smartphone!
effective gestures and smart software

A wide-open ASUS Zenbook Duo viewed from the rear with the physical keyboard and ASUS Pen nearby.
Detachable full-size ErgoSense keyboard and touchpad
4096-pressure-level stylus support. Snap-on magnetic design(Automatic Positioning Magnet)

Powered by AI
dedicated NPU for AI computing


Intel Cora Ultra 9 badge
Thin. Light. Powerful.
Intel Cora Ultra 9 badge

Intel Evo badge
Intel® Evo™ certified laptop
Intel Evo badge

A man is sitting on the stairs using ASUS Zenbook Duo.
75 Wh


Full I/O ports
Thunderbolt™ 4 x 2, USB 3.2 Type-A x 1, HDMI® 2.1 (TMDS) and audio jack

Watch Now

ASUS Zenbook DUO (2024) Software Video

ASUS Zenbook DUO (2024) Feature Review
Let's DUO it

Portable DUO
Compact with a big vision
Two stunning 14-inch ASUS Lumina OLED touchscreens2 provide up to 19.8 inches of workspace, instantly — all in one incredibly versatile, easily portable device.
Easily charge and connect with keyboard
Pogo pin connection – power and pair in one click
Detachable full-size keyboard

Emoji Hotkey

Quiet keyboard

Anti-fingerprint touchpad

Bluetooth connection

Learn more
Built-in kickstand
40°-70° viewing angle, adjustable height
Elegant and stylish sleeve1
Enjoy the optional 12° viewing angle, and space to store your Zenbook DUO and ASUS Pen 2.0.
Pencil drawing, on a laptop
With the sensitivity of 4096 pressure levels, ASUS Pen 2.03 (optional) allows you to accurately reproduce the finest lines and shading.
DESIGN
Multi-screen Mobility
The perfect laptop for digital nomads
Zenbook DUO seamlessly blends the efficiency of a traditional laptop with the versatility of a multi-screen device — while still prioritizing exceptional portability.
14.6 mm
thin4
 
1.35 kg
light​4,5
ASUS Zenbook Duo stand with kickstand and viewed from the side with the physical keyboard placed in front.
A woman is sitting on a bench using ASUS Zenbook Duo.
VERSATILITY
Versatility
Redefining productivity
The versatile dual-screen design feels like using a desktop on the go, putting a huge workspace in ultraportable form.
Dual-screen mode (With Bluetooth keyboard)
Double your screen real estate, and reference one screen while working on another. This eliminates the need to constantly switch tabs or windows, reducing interruptions and helping you maintain your focus on the task at hand.
Dual-screen mode (With virtual keyboard)
The lower screen can be configured as a full-size virtual keyboard. With two screens, you can be more productive and enjoy more immersive entertainment.
Sharing mode
Easily share content in meetings and presentations business. Just lay Zenbook DUO flat and everyone can view the screens without having to huddle around, fostering better engagement and discussion.
Laptop mode
Drop the ASUS ErgoSense Bluetooth keyboard and touchpad onto the lower display and enjoy a traditional laptop-style experience, replete with a 14-inch display and tall 16:10 aspect ratio.
Desktop mode
Perfect for programmers, researchers and writers — and many more besides. Display your productivity apps on one screen while the other shows reference materials, documentation or research sources.
INTUITIVE
Intuitive Design
Smartphone-like gesture control
Delightful software features put convenience at your fingertips.





VIRTUAL KEYBOARD
Tap with six fingers to summon the full-size virtual keyboard and touchpad on the second panel.
EASY-ACCESS TOOLS
VIRTUAL TOUCHPAD
EASILY EXPAND TO FULL-SCREEN
ASSIGN WINDOWS TO YOUR PREFERRED SCREEN
DUAL 3K 120 Hz OLED
ASUS Zenbook Duo opened at 180 degrees with a glowing liquid graphic across both screens.
Display
DUAL 3K 120 Hz OLED
Dual 16:10 14-inch 3K (2880 by 1800)​ ASUS Lumina OLED touch displays enlarge your outlook, with up to 500 nits brightness, and 91% screen-to-body ratio.
Learn more about ASUS Lumina OLED display
ASUS Lumina icon
 
 
PANTONE Validated icon
industry-standard color fidelity
 
Dolby vison icon
 
 
VESA-certified icon
high dynamic range
 
TÜV Rheinland-certified icon
low blue light hardware certified
 
SGS Performance-Tested icon
low blue light certified
More Accurate
ASUS Lumina OLED offers industry-standard colors, deep blacks, and exceptional detail.

Learn more
A image of colorful liquid crystal with orange, red, and blue gradient colors
More Adaptive
ASUS Lumina OLED provides customizable visuals, power-saving solution and sharpened playback.
An image of glowing blue network spread out from the center in red background.
More Reliable
ASUS Lumina OLED ensures eye protection, burn-in prevention and panel durability.
A image of solid rock texture with purple light reflecting on the surface.
Leading 120 Hz motion clarity
More frames per second, so fast-moving visuals are smoother and clearer than ever.

Learn more
A picture of a jet on sky to showcase the high refresh rate of OLED panel to see smooth and clear image in high speed.
Perfect brightness and color tone!
The ambient light color sensor auto-adjusts for changes in the environment brightness and color temperature.

Learn more
A city landscape is shown within a laptop screen.
Corning® Gorilla® Glass
A display surface that’s six times more durable than ordinary laptop glass.

Learn more
A display surface is under a scratch test.
Performance
Powerfully production
Zenbook DUO delivers powerful performance and AI Ready features. The blistering fast processor, dedicated NPU and graphics makes tasks easier with nowadays AI enhancement. Its up to 2 TB SSD storage, 32 GB RAM and Wi-Fi 7 allow you explore more.
Windows 11 Home
Up to
Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 (Series 2)
processor
Build-in
Intel® Arc™
graphics
Intel® AI Boost
NPU​
Up to
5.4 GHz
with total 16 cores
Up to
13 TOPS
NPU
Up to
35 W
CPU TDP10
Intel EVO logo

UX8406 with Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 285H
936
UX8406 with Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 185H
730

1.28x

faster

* 1.28x better performance is based on Cinebench R24 Multi Core benchmark.11


Learn more
Thermal Technology
Advanced cooling system
All these powerful components need to be cooled effectively in order to reach their full potential. Zenbook DUO adds a heat spreader between the motherboard and the OLED panel as part of the advanced cooling system, which allows the CPU and GPU to run at up to a 35 W combined TDP, without throttling!

Graphene sheet2 Heat pipes and dual fansHeat spreader
Connectivity
All the ports you need
ASUS Zenbook DUO packs in all the connections you need. The two ultrafast Thunderbolt 4 USB-C ports support fast charging, two 4K 60 Hz or one 8K 60Hz external displays, and up to 40 Gbps data transfers.
ALL
THE PORTS
YOU NEED

Audio jackHDMI® 2.1 (TMDS)USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-AThunderbolt™ 4 USB-C®Thunderbolt™ 4 USB-C®
13+ hours
non-stop entertaining
13+ hours
non-stop entertaining
BATTERY LIFE
Battery
Long-lasting battery
There’s no need to panic if power outlets are in short supply: Zenbook DUO’s long-lasting 75 Wh battery can keep you productive. And when it’s time to charge, there’s no need to slow down — in just 49 minutes you can top it up to a 60% charge level. The redesigned 75 Wh high-capacity battery has an eco-friendly extended lifespan that supports up to 20% more charging cycles than the previous generation.
75Wh battery icon
battery capacity
Up to
1.2x
battery lifespan13
60% in 49 mins
Fast-charge
technology
A man is using ASUS Zenbook Duo indoors.A man and a woman are using ASUS Zenbook Duo in sharing mode.

Learn more
A woman is using ASUS Zenbook DUO in desktop mode.
Wireless Connectivity
Better connectivity, and stable transmission
ASUS Zenbook DUO is equipped with the latest Wi-Fi 7 for the very best wireless connections — up to 4.8x15 faster than the previous Wi-Fi generation. Your laptop will automatically link to the strongest Wi-Fi signal, and use all the available bandwidth efficiently. And with support for up to three simultaneous Bluetooth® headphone connections on one device, you’ll also experience better communications and more enjoyable entertainment.
Up to
5.8 Gbps
transfer speed
 
 
Multi-link Operation
technology
 
 
Multi-RU
technology
 
Preamble Puncturing
technology

Learn more
Smart Conferencing
ASUS AI Camera and AI Noise Cancelation
Take back control of your meetings with our innovative camera system and ASUS AI Noise-Canceling Technology, with new algorithms to make your conference calls even more productive.
Best online meeting experience
The ASUS AI camera makes sure that you always look your best during virtual conferences.

Learn more
A video call scenario photo show the webcam effect with background blur.
Hear and be heard clearly
Two-Way AI Noise Cancelation leverages a massive deep-learning database to reduce background noise for microphone and audio.

Learn more
Security
Your privacy, our priority
Stay secure with the camera privacy shield and fast, password-free face login.
Unlock, instantly
Windows Hello Infrared (IR) camera allows you to unlock your laptop quickly and securely.
A beam of light is projected onto a man’s face indicating that his face is being scanned by the laptop IR camera.
Great
SOUND


Audio
Great audio experience
Enjoy enhanced listening experiences with a smart amplifier and ASUS Audio Booster.
Dolby Atmos logo
 

Environment
Sustaining an Incredible Future
We always search for the incredible, and we believe that you, too, share our passion for minimizing our environmental impact on the world. Our serious commitment to environment, social, and governance (ESG) issues aims to empower you and everyone else we work with to push forward for a more sustainable future. Let’s become sustainable — together.
Learn more about our sustainability actions
This picture shows the laptop with a forest and the icons of leaf and heart in teal color.
Military Grade
US Military-Grade Laptop Durability
ASUS consumer laptops meet the ultra-demanding MIL-STD 810H military standard16 for reliability and durability, undergoing a punishing test regime that includes extended tests for operation in harsh environments. These factors also help improve the laptops’ longevity and hence their sustainability, so you can work, travel or relax with the confidence that your ASUS laptop is ready for the real world — today, and long into the future.
Learn more about each laptop quality test results
High Temperature Test icon
High Temperature Test
Low Temperature Test icon
Low Temperature Test
Shock Test icon
Shock Test
Vibration Test icon
Vibration Test
Altitude Test icon
Altitude Test

Related articles
Two ASUS Zenbook DUO are placed on the table along with sleeve, charger and stylus.
The model shown is for reference purposes only. Actual models may differ.
Product and accessories specifications may differ from country to country. We recommend that you check with your local dealers for the specifications of the products available in your country.​↑
The visual appearance of OLED displays may change over the product’s lifetime. This is expected behavior that can include image persistence or burn-in, where the display shows a faint remnant of an image even after a new image appears on the screen. This tends to occur only in extreme use cases, such as when a static, high-contrast image is continuously displayed for prolonged periods of time. ASUS laptops with an OLED display minimize this risk by setting Windows’s Dark mode as default, as well as shortening the idle time before the screen is turned off — both on mains (AC) and battery (DC) power. This dual approach minimizes the potential for burn-in to maximize the lifespan of your OLED display lifespan, and also reduces unnecessary power draw for optimal battery life. We also recommended adjust the brightness of your OLED display to complement the ambient lighting in your environment, rather than keeping the screen at maximum brightness at all times. You should also ensure that you have an animated, dark-background screensaver enabled in the Windows Settings tool.↑
The availability and warranty for bundled accessories/stylus vary according to country and territory. Please check with your local ASUS retailer for details.↑
Without keyboard.↑
Weight might vary by specifications.↑
Average tested result in MyASUS Splendid Display P3 and sRGB color gamut: Delta E < 1, +/- 0.5, and may vary by specification. Please note that the actual performance also may vary under different test procedures, equipment and patterns.↑
Compared to average LCD displays in the market, measuring energy emission of blue light in between 415-455 nm wavelength.↑
To further maximize the protection of your OLED laptop, ASUS has included OLED Care settings such as pixel refresh and pixel shifting, which are turned on by default. It’s important to note that if any burn-in issues do occur within the warranty period, which might vary by countries, ASUS offers a free exchange service for the affected OLED laptop as long as the user did not manually turn off the OLED Care functions.↑
Testing done on discrete parts, using soda-lime glass as comparative reference. Figures and tests provided by Corning.↑
The figures are based on theoretical performance. Actual performance may vary in real-world situations.↑
Performance claim is based on the Cinebench R24 Multi Core benchmark, comparing the score of Zenbook DUO UX8406CA tested by ASUS in December 2024 (configured with Intel® Core Ultra 9 285H, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD) and Zenbook DUO UX8406MA (with an Intel® Core Ultra 9 185H processor, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, and a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD). Test settings: select Performance mode under Fan profile in MyASUS, and idle the laptop for 10mins prior to running the benchmark under AC mode. It’s important to note that results may vary based on different specifications and testing environments. ↑
Performance claim is based on the 3DMark Time Spy overall score, comparing the score of Zenbook DUO UX8406CA tested by ASUS in December 2024 (configured with Intel® Core Ultra 9 285H, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD) and Zenbook DUO UX8406MA (with an Intel® Core Ultra 9 185H processor, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, and a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD). Test settings: select Performance mode under Fan profile in MyASUS, and idle the laptop for 10mins prior to running the benchmark under AC mode. It’s important to note that results may vary based on different specifications and testing environments. Note: Can be customized by models.↑
This data is derived from ASUS laboratory testing, which involves simulating daily charging frequency as the testing standard. The actual lifespan of the battery may differ depending on factors such as product configuration, usage patterns, operational conditions, and power management settings. Over time, the battery’s longevity will naturally decrease. For more comprehensive information, please refer to the provided link.↑
The Multi-Link Operation function, which allows the laptop to switch to the strongest Wi-Fi signal automatically, only works when the router is also Wi-Fi 7 compatible.↑
The testing regime includes the requirements of both military-grade standards and ASUS quality tests, and varies depending on device. MIL-STD-810 testing is conducted on selected ASUS products only. Note that the MIL-STD-810 testing helps to ensure the quality of ASUS products but does not indicate a particular fitness for military use. The test is performed under laboratory conditions. Any damage caused by attempts to replicate these test conditions would be considered accidental, and would not be covered by the standard ASUS warranty. Additional coverage is available with ASUS Premium Care.↑

★★★★★
★★★★★4.4 out of 5 stars. Read reviews for 4.4 165 ReviewsThis action will navigate to reviews.
1 out of 1 (100%) reviewers recommend this product
The trustmark icon that reveals a popup describing BV authenticity
Search topics and reviews
Search topics and reviews
Search topics and reviewsϙSearch
Reviews
Rating Snapshot
Select a row below to filter reviews.

5☆stars
112112 reviews with 5 stars.Select to filter reviews with 5 stars.
4☆stars
3333 reviews with 4 stars.Select to filter reviews with 4 stars.
3☆stars
55 reviews with 3 stars.Select to filter reviews with 3 stars.
2☆stars
88 reviews with 2 stars.Select to filter reviews with 2 stars.
1☆stars
77 reviews with 1 star.Select to filter reviews with 1 star.
Average Customer Ratings
Overall	
☆☆☆☆☆
☆☆☆☆☆	4.4Overall, average rating value is 4.4 of 5. 
Quality	
4.7Quality, average rating value is 4.7 of 5. 
Ease Of Use	
4.7Ease Of Use, average rating value is 4.7 of 5. 
Performance	
4.5Performance, average rating value is 4.5 of 5. 
1–3 of 165 Reviews  
Sort by: Most Recent▼Menu
≡
Clicking on the following button will update the content below
Kona Latner
Texas
Review 1Votes 0
☆☆☆☆☆
☆☆☆☆☆5 out of 5 stars.	· 3 days ago  
One of a kind
I actually love this laptop, never really had a laptop before but this is an amazing laptop!

Reviews Read Yes
Where Did You Purchase? Online
Frequency of Use: Daily
Originally posted on UX8406CA
Quality
Quality, 5 out of 5   
Ease Of Use
Ease Of Use, 5 out of 5   
Performance
Performance, 5 out of 5   
Helpful?

Yes · 0No · 0
Report
Joe G
Los Angeles, CA
Review 1Votes 0
☆☆☆☆☆
☆☆☆☆☆5 out of 5 stars.	· 8 days ago  
Great performer and game changer for multi-tasking
Great laptop all around, and the dual screen is game-changing from multi-tasking and more. The only issues I've ran so far, which I believe is more of a Windows 11 issue, is that when I go to Hibernation, and I try to turn on the Zenbook Duo, it would show the Asus animated logo, then go to black. I have to then hold the power button for 10 seconds to power down and then restart.

I don't always use Hibernate, but it is a useful function, and I hope new versions of Windows 11 will fix this problem.

Other than that, wow! I can do so much with this laptop when it comes to working with multiple browser windows apps. Whether I want to browse on the top while answer e-mails and text messages on the bottom, the possibility is all there.

I love using multiple monitors on my home desktop, so using the two monitors here puts me right back at my most productive. Not only that, but the top monitor is at a very nice height for general use, causing less neck strain than typical laptops where you're always looking down.

The 3K OLED screens themselves are gorgeous and vibrant, although with my Calibrite Pro screen calibrator, the Delta color accuracy is just at 3 even after calibration, so not the most dead-accurate, but very usable. I think with several more runs on the calibration (which uses 468 color patches), it will get there (hopefully).

The keyboard is surprisingly easy to type and despite it being so flat, I don't experience fatigue. I can type just about as fast on it as my previous HP Zbook Studio X360 laptop and my desktop mechanical keyboard.

I think if there's one thing I'd like to fix, you can turn off the "Smart Gesture" on the Touchpad for volume and brightness, which I can accidently swipe, when the keyboard is attached to the laptop, but when I use it in Bluetooth mode, this "Smart Gesture" returns.

Overall, there's so much to like about this laptop. Even the battery life is not too shabby, and you can certainly get at least 5-6 productive hours with just a little bit of restraint when on battery mode. I prefer to be plugged in, and the Battery Protection Mode feels reassuring.

Reviews Read Yes
Where Did You Purchase? In-Store
Frequency of Use: A few times per week
Originally posted on UX8406CA
Quality
Quality, 5 out of 5   
Ease Of Use
Ease Of Use, 5 out of 5   
Performance
Performance, 5 out of 5   
Helpful?

Yes · 0No · 0
Report
Wfpd12
Upstate New York
Review 1Votes 0
☆☆☆☆☆
☆☆☆☆☆5 out of 5 stars.	· 13 days ago  
Improved my workflow
Does exactly what it says it will do, and exactly what I needed to improve my workflow. There is a learning curve associated, but well worth the effort.

Frequency of Use: Daily
Originally posted on UX8406CA
Helpful?

Yes · 0No · 0
Report
Load More
Product has High-Definition Multimedia Interface.
Products certified by the Federal Communications Commission and Industry Canada will be distributed in the United States and Canada. Please visit the ASUS USA and ASUS Canada websites for information about locally available products.
All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets.
Specifications and features vary by model, and all images are illustrative. Please refer to specification pages for full details.
PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice.
Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
The terms HDMI, HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, HDMI Trade dress and the HDMI Logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc.  
IPS stands for in-plane switching, a type of LED (a form of LCD) display panel technology.

Unless otherwise stated, all performance claims are based on theoretical performance. Actual figures may vary in real-world situations.

The actual transfer speed of USB 3.0, 3.1, 3.2, and/or Type-C will vary depending on many factors including the processing speed of the host device, file attributes and other factors related to system configuration and your operating environment.

Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries.

Product specifications may differ from country to country. We recommend that you check with your local dealers for the specifications of the products available in your country. Colors of products may not be perfectly accurate due to variations caused by photography and monitor settings.Due to photographic variables and conditions, actual product appearance may differ from images shown on this site.Although we endeavor to present the most accurate and comprehensive information at the time of publication, we reserve the right to make changes without prior notice.
Price may not include extra fee, including tax、shipping、handling、recycling fee.

Price may not include extra fee, including tax、shipping、handling、recycling fee.
For pricing information, ASUS is only entitled to set a recommendation resale price. All resellers are free to set their own price as they wish.
WiFi 6E availability may vary by country and their specific regulations. Feature only supported by Windows 11 or later.
The drivers on this PC are only compatible with Windows 11 version 24H2 or later. To ensure optimal functionality and avoid any potential issues, please do not manually install an older version of the operating system.
* Result from Mobile Mark 2014 office productivity.